Improve contact info and move to more prominent location (#1950)
ESMValGroup/ESMValTool: doc/sphinx/source/introduction.rst

which allows community contributions to be bound into a coherent
framework.

.. _contact:

Contact
=======

> See `www.esmvaltool.org <https://www.esmvaltool.org>`_ for general contact information.

Reviewer: This link is a bit confusing. Is this referring to the contact emails in the footer?

Author: Yes

Author: Do you have a suggestion for how this could be made less confusing?

Reviewer: Perhaps this is something we should change on the website end instead of here.

.. _mailing-list:

User mailing list
-----------------

> Subscribe to the ESMValTool user mailing list
> `esmvaltool@listserv.dfn.de <mailto:esmvaltool@listserv.dfn.de>`__
> to stay up to date about our the monthly online meetings, upcoming workshops, and trainings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Subscribe to the ESMValTool announcements mailing list
`esmvaltool@listserv.dfn.de <mailto:esmvaltool@listserv.dfn.de>`__
to stay up to date about new releases, monthly online meetings, upcoming workshops, and trainings.
```

To subscribe, send an email to
`sympa@listserv.dfn.de <mailto:sympa@listserv.dfn.de?subject=subscribe%20esmvaltool>`_
with the following subject line:

-  *subscribe esmvaltool*

or

-  *subscribe esmvaltool YOUR_FIRSTNAME YOUR_LASTNAME*

The mailing list also has a `public archive <https://www.listserv.dfn.de/sympa/arc/esmvaltool>`_ online.

.. _discussions_page:

Discussions page
----------------

The `ESMValTool Discussions page <https://github.com/ESMValGroup/ESMValTool/discussions>`__

> is open for all general and technical questions on the ESMValTool, for example about installation, application, development, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is open for all general and technical questions on the ESMValTool: installation, application, development, or any other question or comment you may have.
```

.. _core-team:

Monthly meetings
----------------

We have monthly online meetings using `zoom <https://zoom.us/>`__, anyone with
an interest in the ESMValTool is welcome to join these meetings to connect with
the community.
These meetings are always announced in an issue

> on the `ESMValTool <https://github.com/ESMValGroup/ESMValTool/issues>`_

Reviewer: Just a thought: Should we try out using Discussions for this instead of an issue (since it is not an issue per se)?

Author: I thought the same, but let's try it out first and if we like it we can update the documentation.

repository and on the mailing-list_.

Core development team
---------------------

-  Deutsches Zentrum für Luft- und Raumfahrt (DLR), Institut für Physik
   der Atmosphäre, Germany (PI)

>    ESMValTool Core PI and Developer: contact for requests to use the
>    ESMValTool and for collaboration with the development team, access to
>    the PRIVATE GitHub repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - ESMValTool Core PI and Developer: contact for requests to use the ESMValTool and for collaboration with the development team, access to the PRIVATE GitHub repository.
```

Reviewer: Attempt at making this render as a sublist item, to make it more clear the text belongs to the first item of the list.
